The difference between early fusion and late fusion is that during early fusion,
the fusion algorithm has access to the raw data of the camera, of the light,
of the radar, and processes everything together to produce one final output.
In late fusion, every sensor basically tries its best by its own first.
As we track the object and the camera,
you want to track an object in the lidar and the radar,
and then you do a track to track fusion in the very end.
So basically, combining all the tracks as your final output.
But there is a spectrum in between actually,
so there you can also fuse on levels lower than late fusion and higher than early fusion.